README.md, before:


# Nikhil Ghosh

Welcome to my GitHub portfolio. Look around to learn a little about me, and reach out if you'd like to connect. 

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/n-ghosh)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ng.nikhilghosh@gmail.com)
[![Calendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Schedule_a_Call-blue?logo=calendar)](https://calendly.com/n-ghosh)


## Favorite Projects 

[GoalTac](https://github.com/GoalTac/goaltac.github.io): _a social media platform to help you form bonds with people in communities in the spirit of building habits and achieving your goals._ [goaltac.net](https:goaltac.net)

[Market Learning](https://github.com/n-ghosh/Market-Learning): _a data science project using stock market history to broadly understand major trends and focus on specific potential investments._ 

[JP Morgan Chase Software Engineering Virtual Experience Part 1](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-1), [Part 2](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-2), [Part 3](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-3): _a data analysis project interfacing with JPMC real-time stock data feed and visualizing it for traders choosing investments._

[X-Letter Word Game](https://github.com/n-ghosh/X-letter-Word-Game): _a brain exercise designed to challenge working memory for people with cognitive deficits._

[Leetcode](https://github.com/n-ghosh/leetcode): _I like solving puzzles. Here's a collection of Leetcode problems and similar challenges I've done in some free time._ 


## Skills
Intermediate: Python, JavaScript, C, C++

Beginner: Java, Web Development (HTML, CSS, React.js, ChakraUI, Supabase, Postgres), Data Science (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, )

Tools: GitHub, VS Code, 


## Other
[Resume](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Jfv9Iw-zI_-Kvru3bOwYmwdqdOgwBBKj?usp=share_link)

[Writing Portfolio](https://nghosh04.wixsite.com/nikhil-ghosh)

Commit message:

2024 Jan update, added Currently section

README.md, after:


# Nikhil Ghosh

Welcome to my GitHub portfolio. Look around to learn a little about me, and reach out if you'd like to connect.  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/n-ghosh)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ng.nikhilghosh@gmail.com)
[![Calendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Schedule_a_Call-blue?logo=calendar)](https://calendly.com/n-ghosh)


## Currently
> <u>Student</u> | University of Connecticut <br>
> _Major in Computer Science, Minor in Human Rights_

> <u>Software Developer</u> | GoalTac <br>
> [_GoalTac_](https://goaltac.net) _is a social media & productivity startup helping users build communities in the spirit of forming habits and achieving goals_

> <u>Research Assistant</u> | University of Connecticut <br>
> _Researching how AI can better understand neurodivergent students and support their individual learning needs_


## Favorite Projects 

> [Triaging with Transformers](https://github.com/n-ghosh/Chieftains-of-the-Northwind): _machine learning with LLMs for medical triage classification to reduce hospital overwhelm_

> [Market Learning](https://github.com/n-ghosh/Market-Learning): _data analysis using stock market history to broadly understand major trends and focus on specific potential investments_ 

> [ComicBot](): _a hackathon prototype using generative AI to let users engage with an interactive storyteller, in a comic book style, making decisions that drive the plot_ 

> [JP Morgan Chase Software Engineering Virtual Experience Part 1](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-1), [Part 2](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-2), [Part 3](https://github.com/n-ghosh/jpmc-task-3): _a data analysis project interfacing with JPMC real-time stock data feed and visualizing it for traders choosing investments_

> [X-Letter Word Game](https://github.com/n-ghosh/X-letter-Word-Game): _a brain exercise designed to challenge working memory for people with cognitive deficits_

> [Leetcode](https://github.com/n-ghosh/leetcode): _a collection of Leetcode problems and similar puzzles I've done in some free time_ 


## Skills
Intermediate: 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-yellow?logo=javascript&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-blue?logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-blue?logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)

Beginner: Java, Web Development (HTML, CSS, React.js, ChakraUI, Supabase, Postgres), Data Science (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn)

Tools: GitHub, VS Code, Terminal


## Other
[Resume](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Jfv9Iw-zI_-Kvru3bOwYmwdqdOgwBBKj?usp=share_link)

[Writing Portfolio](https://nghosh04.wixsite.com/nikhil-ghosh)
